- A. Marinins et al., "Wafer-Scale Hybrid Integration of InP DFB Lasers on Si Photonics by Flip-Chip Bonding With sub-300 nm Alignment Precision," in IEEE JSTQE, vol. 29, no. 3, pp. 1-11, 2023.
- J. Qiu, D. Wu, H. -L. Wang, M. Feng and X. Yu, "Advanced Single-Mode 850 nm VCSELs for Record NRZ and PAM4 Data Rate on SMF-28 Fiber up to 1 km," 2021 Optical Fiber Communications Conference and Exhibition (OFC), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2021, pp. 1-3.
- H.L. Wang, J. Qiu, X. Yu, W. Fu and M. Feng, “The Modal Effect of VCSELs on Transmitting Data-Rate over Distance in OM4 Fiber”, IEEE J. Quantum Electron., vol. 56, no. 6, pp. 1–6, Dec. 2020.  
- H. L. Wang, W. Fu, J. Qiu and M. Feng, “850 nm VCSELs for 50 Gb/s NRZ Error-Free Transmission over 100-meter OM4 and up to 115 oC Operation”, Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exhibition (OFC), San Diego, USA (2019)   
- H. L. Wang, J. Qiu, X. Yu, M. Feng and N. Holonyak, Jr., “85°C Operation of 850 nm VCSELs Deliver a 42 Gb/s Error-Free Data Transmission for 100 meter MMF Link”, Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exhibition (OFC), San Diego, USA (2018)
- J. Qiu, H. L. Wang, C. Wang, X. Yu and M. Feng, “40 Gb/s VCSELs Test Data Collection, Analysis and Process Problem Identification” 2017 CS MANTEEC, Indian Well, USA (2017) 
- H. L. Wang, Y. H. Huang, G. S. Cheng, S. W. Chang, and C. H. Wu, “Analysis of Tunable Internal Loss Caused by Franz-Keldysh Absorption in Transistor Lasers”, IEEE J. Sel. Topics Quantum Electron, vol. 21, no. 6, 1503007 (2015)
- H. H. Yang, W. C. Tu, H. L. Wang, and C. H. Wu, “Investigation of effective base transit time and current gain modulation of light-emitting transistors under different ambient temperatures”, Appl. Phys. Lett., vol. 105, 181119 (2014)
- H. L. Wang, H. H. Yang, and C. H. Wu, “Quantum Well Saturation Effect on the Reduction of Base Transit Time in Light-Emitting Transistors”, IEEE Trans. Electron Devices, vol. 61, no. 10, pp. 3472-3476 (2014)
- H. L. Wang, Y. J. Huang, and C. H. Wu, “Optical frequency response analysis of light-emitting transistors under different microwave configurations,” Appl. Phys. Lett., vol. 103, 051110 (2013)
- Y. M. Liao, H. L. Wang, Yuh-Renn Wu, and C. H. Wu, “The dependence of base dynamics and current gain in the InGaAs/GaAs light emitting transistors,” ISCS/IPRM 2013, Kobe, Japan, 2013
- H. L. Wang, P. H. Chou, and C. H. Wu, "Microwave determination of quantum-well capture and escape time in light-emitting transistors", IEEE Trans. Electron Devices, vol. 60, no. 3, pp. 1088-1091 (2013)
- P. H. Chou, H. L. Wang, and C. H. Wu, “Comparison of Electrical and Optical f3dB Bandwidth in Light-Emitting Transistors,” OPTIC 2012, Taipei, Taiwan, 2012
- P. H. Chou, H. L. Wang, and C. H. Wu, “The effect of aperture layout design on the multi-GHz operation of light-emitting transistors,” Proc. SPIE 8564, Nanophotonics and Micro/Nano Optics, 85640D, Beijing, China, 2012